Now let's cover one more case here of deleting a grade
for an invalid grade type or invalid subject.
Again, we'll check for the 400 series of errors.
Go ahead and start writing our test here,
and we'll simply use our mockMvc
to perform a delete request to grades//.
So we pass in the grade ID,
and then we'll pass an invalid grade type of literature.
And so of course, this should give us an error, right?
So we can go ahead and check for that.
And we can also use the techniques that we used before
of actually checking the JSON response.
Okay, so this coding here looks good.
Let's go ahead and run our test.
Excellent, and so this test passed,
so this looks really good.
Now, one thing I'd like to do is kind of move back over here
and run my full suite of tests
to make sure that all of my tests execute
and make sure that all of my tests pass.
And this is great.
We see all green, all green, all green.
So this is awesome.
So our tests pass, and we're in really good shape.
So I'd like to say good job, my friend.